Rebrand from EventStore to Kurrent (#828)
EventStore/documentation: docs/tutorials/HTTP_Connector.md

5. [Logger Sink](/server/v24.10/features/connectors/sinks/logger.html)
6. [Serilog Sink](/server/v24.10/features/connectors/sinks/serilog.html)

This step-by-step tutorial guides you through setting up a connector using the **HTTP Sink** in KurrentDB. This feature allows KurrentDB to push event data to an http endpoint.

#### Prerequisites

> * [KurrentDB 24.10 LTS installed and running](/server/v24.10/quick-start/installation.html)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [EventStoreDB 24.10 LTS or later installed and running](/server/v24.10/quick-start/installation.html)   
```
